RECIPE - THE NATIONAL DISH OF ARGENTINA: ASADO

The Argentine barbecue or asado is more than just a meal; these food-centric get-togethers constitute an important part of the Argentine social life. It can be shared as a lunch or dinner. In this dish the meat, chorizo and black pudding are served with potatoes and creole salads, the traditional chimichurri, a celery mayonnaise salad and, of course, a good amount of white bread to accompany the dish.

INGREDIENTS
2½ kg meat - flank steak, flap, skirt steak, tenderloin. But always choose the ribs and a cut of meat
6 chorizo sausages
400 g chinchulines - chinchulines is a term that makes reference to the offal of the cow such as the small intestine, kidneys and sweetbread. Black pudding is usually considered in this group too
2 lemons
coarse salt
marinade optional - if using kidneys

Serve with:
mini baguettes - toasted lightly on the grill for a minute before serving the sausages
simple salad

Chimichurri - (just combine all ingredients. Let sit for 5 to 10 minutes before serving)
1 cup olive oil - 250 ml
1 tbsp white-wine vinegar
½ cup fresh parsley - 30 g, finely chopped
¼ cup fresh oregano - 15 g, finely chopped
¼ cup fresh thyme - 15 g, finely chopped
¼ cup onion - 30 g, finely chopped
1 tbsp minced garlic
salt and cayenne pepper to taste

INSTRUCTIONS
 
Preparations
Before you start, soak the chorizos in bowl until you are ready to cook them. This is to prevent dryness after cooking.
Make a fire using charcoal, wood and paper. This would probably take you around an hour.
Once you have the fire ready, distribute the embers so you have a high heat and a low heat area. Sprinkle some salt on top of the embers to prevent the ashes from rising too much.
Keep to the side a small additional fire going from where you can take embers to put in the main fire when needed.

Prepare the meat:
If you’re making chinchulines you need to wash and clean them very well. They take a long time to cook, around 1 or 1,5 hours. Make sure they are on a low heat and far from the meat to prevent the chinchulines from giving the meat their flavor.
a. Small intestine: after cleaning and taking the fat out, make a braid or just roll it in a circle and put it on the grill. Turn it after 30 minutes and add salt.
b. Kidneys: Peeled off the membrane they come in, take out the renal pelvis and after washing, leave overnight in water with vinegar, red wine or milk (3:1). When cooking on the grill put first the side that has the opening of the renal pelvis so it would finish draining. Turn around once the kidney has a more rigid texture to the touch (around 30-40 minutes). Don’t forget to add salt.
c. Chorizos: just take them out of the water and put them on the grill.
d. Black pudding: since this is already cooked, add it last to the grill, 30 min after after the rest.
Sprinkle coarse salt and lemon juice on both side of the meat.
Put the meat on the grill, fat side down and let it cook for at least 40 min - one hour, turning the meat every 15 or 20 minutes.
Place the ribs on the grill. They are ready in 15 - 20 minutes.
When the meat is ready, cut it in portions and put them in a large plate so everyone can choose what they want.