RECIPE - AUTHENTIC ARGENTINIAN MILANESAS

The Argentinian milanesa is one of the most traditional Argentine dishes. It is made from basic ingredients including meat, eggs and breadcrumbs and yet, it is still super delicious and filling. It was derived from mixing the Argentinians' love of meat with Italian cuisine. Argentinian’s eat this dish any time of the day and it has become a staple food in Argentina. The milanesa has many variations and can be eaten with different cuts of meat and even other proteins like chicken. We are excited to show you how to make a milanesa so that you can enjoy some of our traditional meals and Gaucho Ranch cuts are perfect for a milanesa.

Equipment
Freshly Ground Salt & Pepper
Bread Crumbs
Canola Oil

Ingredients 
1 lb veal steaks Milanese cut or thinly sliced
2 eggs
3.5 oz breadcrumbs
1 ½ cups Canola oil for frying, can substitute with corn or sunflower oil
1 bunch parsley
2 cloves garlic
Salt and pepper to taste

Instructions
Chop up parsley as finely as possible. Then peel the garlic and crush them in a mortar.
Arrange milanesa steaks on a board and season with half the parsley, crushed garlic, pepper, and salt. Rub them well.
If you have time and for the best flavors, let the milanesa steaks rest for an hour in the fridge.
Crack open the eggs into a mixing bowl and add the rest of the parsley, a pinch of salt.
Beat egg mixture well using a fork until everything is well integrated.
Dip the milanesa steaks into the egg beaten mixture.
Arrange the bread crumbs on a flat plate. Take the first piece of milanesa steak and place it on the plate. Flip so both sides are covered in breadcrumbs. Repeat this process for all pieces of meat.
Heat a skillet with vegetable oil at medium-high heat. Wait at least three minutes for the oil to be very hot.
Fry the steaks on both sides for about three minutes, until they are golden brown.
After each steak is cooked, remove from the skillet, and drain on sheets of absorbent paper towels for about five minutes.
Serve with fries and small green salad for a tasty Argentine feast.
If your cuts of meat for milanesa are not thin enough, pound them using a meat mallet until they are about ¼ inch thick
While optional you can top your milanesa with a fried egg and make a milanesa a caballo version                                                                                                                                                                                           